.\" Manpage for mkexec.
.\" Contact l.henrique92@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH MKEXEC 8 "11 Dec 2020" "Mkexec version 1.0" "MKEXEC manual page"
.SH NAME
mkexec \- Make Executable
.SH SYNOPSIS
mkexec [FILE] or mkexec [OPTION]... [FILE]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Mkexec is a bash script to help place your own scripts or binary files to /home/user/.local/bin. The PATH to place the file can be edited to your own preference. It's possible to use this script to place itself to the path /home/user/.local/bin or other specified using -p flag. The main goal is to help make it easier to run user scripts, by placing it on a directory that is usually already on user $PATH. Type echo $PATH to see all the directories already on it. 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h 
Open this manual.
.TP
.B \-i 
Copy this script to user ./local/bin and try to place manual page on /usr/share/man/man8
.TP
.B \-p \fI<destination path>
Allow to specify other path rather than the default /home/user/.local/bin, the path must be specified.
.TP
.B \-v
Displays actions.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Luiz H. Goncalves (l.henrique92@gmail.com)
.SH COPYRIGHT
This script is under MIT license. see <https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>

\fImkexec\fR

Copyright © 2020 Luiz Henrique Goncalves

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

